Yes.
Uh, No. So, I come...
Beside Seoul I went to Busan. Yeah.
Um Yeah, Busan was like really fun, too.
Yeah. Um...
Man, it ruled the some
Um the train, one of this is like, um I don't know to explain.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's blue, yellow, and it's red.
It's like, yeah this little trolley and on like, almost like a rail, rail.
High above and um yeah.
I rode that one first, it's super fun. Yeah.
Yeah.
mmh
Um...
I wanted to go to, like, Jeju Island, but I didn't have time.
Yeah.
So, yeah. Other than Busan, I was mostly in Seoul.
um yeah I checked out like a lot of captions that I have in my list.
Yeah. And I was like really impressed with like all the
It's like the Haedong. Yeah. And like
There's like a lot of space too. The cafes over there are huge.
It's huge. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Um, yeah. I went to this one
cafe that's in the Insadong neighborhood, um
And.... I forgot what it's called.
It's start with a C, but it's like a bakery slash cafe and that
one is super cool.
No, I don't think so, but they have a lot of to choose
Yeah. um I have like this Mocha Latte.
entree. um
Mont Blanc. Mont Blanc. Yup. Yeah. I, I
had and that's super good. Like a Mocha Latte but um
Apparently, yeah, that's a very popular cafe.
um like a lot more
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I wanted to go to that um rain cafe that you recommended.
Yeah, but I didn't have time. Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Oh. Yup.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Yup. Yup.
Yeah. And then I stayed
Oh, men.
In Seoul.
I did. Yeah. I went like for sunrise? when like
no one was there. Yeah. That was a cool place because
Um I did. I wanted to go like
inside the main area but they had it closed. but I went to like
outside of it. But still, it's
kinda within the place ground. Yeah, so
Yeah, I was there by myself uh
I have my camera like on this mini tripod and uh lights.
put it on timer and it just like taking photos.
So yeah, that was pretty cool. Um, yeah it had me like
almost no people coming. Very relax.
And also... Yeah.
Yeah. I...
Yeah, I think it's open but I uh not try.
Eventually, that's when people start to come, you know stay. Yeah.
Oh no, so this trip was all Seoul.
Seoul. Yeah. Yeah, Seoul. This is
So this is one of the trips where I just went by myself.
Originally I was supposed to go with my friend, he booked for January like
um before me, but then he got called on for work because it's not
people on shifts, so yeah.
He cancelled his trip so yeah, I just went
by myself. And also like because I wanted to check out Korea for a while uh
Yeah, but...
Yeah, yeah. Oh, Not really. Yeah.
Every time. I have my camera like everywhere I go, so
It's not like the camera was like another person. Yeah. I started vlogging.
On this trip too. So doing a lot
Sometimes when I was like talking to by myself in front of the camera.
So it kind of felt like some of it was there. Like your with me Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, so...
Yeah. Very much. Uh, yeah.
No, actually. Yeah, lucky. Yeah. Absolutely.
Yeah, I... we show to a lot like of restaurant
beforehand, and uh mostly
we prefer not big restaurant, so kinda like small something like mama shop.
so um yeah they like accepting like small
Yeah, so yeah I want this , I was
but I a lot like paying
Um we took pictures. Yeah, every thing was super good.